Hush.
If you stop moving,
he'll wake up.
It's almost 2:00 a.m.
He's gonna be hungry again
in an hour.
I read about a kid
that couldn't sleep
unless he was in a moving car.
His parents drove
3,000 miles in a month.
Sit for five minutes.
I'll take over.
Give me ten.
Greedy.
- Stay here. Stay here.
- No.
Shh-shh-shh-shh.
It's gonna be okay.
Help, somebody help!
Oh, my... God!
Neil, come back!
Oh, yeah!
A date.
Let's just say that something
very special is happening to...
very Special Agent
Anthony DiNozzo today.
Who are you seeing?
Kurosawa.
Really?
Did not know
you were into Asian women.
Kurosawa is a dude.
I certainly did not know
you were into Asian dudes.
Akira Kurosawa,
who, as I'm sure you are aware,
is one of the greatest
filmmakers of all time.
He's having a little festival
of his films at the Odeon.
Seven Samurai
and The Hidden Fortress.
Man movies.
They're great works of art.
This is a great work of art.
Oh, yeah? What do you got there?
New Judy Blume?
I always liked Are You There,
God? It's Me, Margaret.
This, my friend, is
the Declaration of Independence.
My citizenship test
is coming up,
and I wish to pass
with swimming colors.
Flying colors.
Any colors will do, McGee.
Ah, Timmy. You look a little
rough around the edges there.
You up all night
playing video games again?
Well, I will admit
that maintaining
my state-of-the-art status
is exhausting.
But you are looking at a man
who has his whole
apartment wired
to a single remote control.
Everything?
Even the microwave.
Wow.
It's like the Clapper.
Remember that?
Clap on, clap off.
Oh, I am living the dream, baby.
Nah, no clapping yet.
Norfolk. Dead navy officer.
Hey, uh, boss, do you mind
if I grab some coffee
real quick?
Yeah, I do. We got no time.
Here, suck on this, Butternuts.
Oh, it does taste like coffee.
Wait, did he just tell me to?
Suck it up, McGee.
Well, look at this.
The cavalry's arrived.
Who knew homicide in Norfolk
meant working with you guys
all the time.
Navy town, navy crimes.
Could be worse, right?
Morning, Agent David.
Good morning, Detective.
Ziva, why don't you
get statements.
McGee, physical evidence.
I'm gonna take
some photographs, so...
Sorry, boss. Uh...
If there's anything you need,
sir, I'm right here.
Witnesses?
Three, so far.
Couple walking their baby
heard it,
but didn't see the assailant.
That's the vic's fiancée
over there.
Been there all night,
saw it up close.
Not hurt but rattled pretty bad.
Put that insidious device
away, Mr. Palmer.
This is a crime scene,
not a chat room.
Sorry, Doctor. It's just...
it's just, uh,
she texted me "yes."
- What?!
- Yeah.
Oh, splendid!
Splendid.
Ah, Jethro.
Palmer's embalmer
said yeah, huh?
The little funeral home girl?
Listen, Palmer,
girls who work down there
in the mortuaries,
they like to do it in the dark.
So what you want to do is...
Focus, DiNozzo.
Sorry, boss. Focusing.
It's Navy Captain Joseph Norton.
Lived here in Norfolk.
There's a lot of cash
in his wallet.
Well, looks like
that ring box is empty there.
Maybe, uh, left the money,
took the ring,
unless the lady's wearing it.
- Well, I don't see a ring around here anywhere.
- Duck?
Well, multiple wounds
to the torso.
Significant loss of blood.
As to the time of death...
No need. We got witnesses.
Ah, usually our investigations
don't come
with such a value-added bonus.
Mr. Palmer,
let us prepare the captain
for his final voyage.
Mind if I talk to your witness?
She's yours now.
Just keep me in the loop.
So you saw the attacker's face?
No, not really.
It was so dark.
It was very fast.
Ma'am, um, I'd like you to meet,
uh, Special Agent Gibbs.
Jethro...
Hey, Joann.
This is a surprise.
You two know each other?
Agent David, Joann Fielding,
my mother-in-law.
Ex-mother-in-law.
Shannon's mom.
Kelly's grandmother.
Well, uh, so when was
the last time
you two saw each other?
The girls' funeral.
All right, McNosy,
what do you got?
Well, from what I can gather,
Gibbs and Joann Fielding
are very estranged.
The woman lost her daughter
and her granddaughter.
Now her fiancé died in her arms
and her former son-in-law
is investigating.
Show some sympathy.
M-Maybe she's cursed,
like a Kennedy.
Minus the grassy knoll.
I heard about that.
The shooter was really
in the book suppository.
Depository.
That's what I said.
I'm listening.
Hey, boss.
Um, we, uh,
just checked the cameras
covering the waterfront;
Nothing caught the suspect.
Which means he probably knew
where the cameras
were positioned
and how to avoid them.
Which means?
He's familiar
with the promenade, so we should
start questioning the employees,
the marina shopkeepers,
and, you know, the residents.
Victim?
Captain Joseph L. Norton.
Supply Corps,
63 years old, no family.
Six months from retirement,
spotless service record.
- Never been married.
- He was about to be.
What about the engagement ring?
Yeah.
This is a copy of the receipt
where Norton bought it.
Three karats,
grade "E," flawless,
- one minor occlusion.
- Track it?
Uh, well, we got a BOLO
out on the stone right now,
and McCadden is, uh,
checking with local fences.
That's good work, DiNozzo.
You heard me.
Gibbs.
Your mother-in-law
is waiting for you
in the conference room.
I'd like to speak
to you afterward.
Did you come all the way down
here to tell me that, Director?
Ziva, that sketch artist comes,
you send her up.
McGee, find that weapon.
DiNozzo...
Working on that ring, boss.
Yeah, big-time.
He complimented me twice.
Very un-Gibbs.
We better keep
an eye on that guy.
Don't you agree, Director?
Is that your decision,
Agent DiNozzo?
It's not mine to make, sir.
You got that right.
Thank you.
Still drinking
the same old swill, I see.
Keeps my engine running.
How is your father, Jethro?
He's stubborn.
I guess that's a good thing.
How's Mac?
Mac and I divorced
about two years
after it happened.
Rough.
On everybody.
It was never, ever the same
after we lost the girls.
How about you?
You know, you didn't have
to go through this alone.
Oh, I called, Joann.
You never called me back.
That is not exactly
how I remember it.
What happened last night?
Joe took me
to a retirement party
for a friend of ours.
Navy admiral.
And then he wanted
to walk down by the water.
He said that... he wanted
to ask me something.
He proposed to you.
Yes.
I was looking
at the ring on my finger
when this...
this stranger walked up.
Pulled his gun out.
What'd he look like?
He was white, in his 20s.
Joe just went
for that gun... so fast.
I screamed at him
and I begged him not to do it.
I wanted to help, but I...
Excuse me.
The, uh, sketch artist is here.
You okay to do this?
I want to do anything to help.
This won't take long.
I'll be the judge of that.
Protocol.
I am related to the victim.
S.O.P. is for you
to ask me to step aside.
Okay, I'm asking.
Okay, I'm declining.
She was Shannon's mother.
This is another violent crime.
It has to affect you.
Leon, we've all lost people.
It was a long time ago.
Don't give me that B.S., Gibbs.
I know what pushes your buttons.
This could be a problem.
Okay, off the record.
Okay, try me.
I need to do this for Shannon.
She would have wanted it.
Okay.
But if your judgment comes
into question even once...
I'll take myself off the case.
No. I will.
We've already decided.
You've already decided.
I don't have a choice, Shannon.
I'm a marine.
- It's my job.
- You're not thinking
about this family.
You knew they wanted
to transfer you.
- It's not my decision.
- Mom, don't.
He's taking
my girls away from me.
I made a commitment.
I have to honor it.
Don't you do this. Please!
Sorry, boss.
Uh... Detective McCadden
is here.
You need anything?
You to, uh, to leave.
Right.
Looks like everything's here.
What can we do
for you, Detective?
Witness statements.
Gibbs signed off on 'em.
- They're fine.
- You sure about that?
Play nice, kiddies,
plenty of room in the sandbox.
Joann Fielding told us
the same thing she told you.
Had the ring on
when they were robbed.
You look at her fingers?
Arthritis.
Try getting
a size four ring on there.
- What size are you, David?
- She wouldn't know that.
Five... every girl knows
her ring size, just in case.
Joann said she was wearing it.
You do a gunshot residue test?
Got to be a false positive.
Ms. Fielding was
within a foot of the shots
that killed her fiancé,
She'd be covered
in cordite and sulfur
from the discharge.
Test would be useless.
Maybe. Maybe not.
All right,
sketch artist finished.
Downloading the drawing.
You guys need help
with the BOLOs?
Oh, no, I think
we've got it covered, Phil.
After you.
All right, what we are doing
is running the composite
through facial recognition,
known felons first.
You're already getting hits?
Get out of here, McCadden.
Happy to.
Who is this?
I told you before.
This is the man
that I remember from last night.
That's the man
who killed Joseph.
The hell it is.
Oh, Jethro, what do you know?
You weren't even there.
That's not him.
I know what I saw.
Joann, that's Kyle Buckley.
Remember Kyle Buckley?
I went to high school
with Kyle Buckley.
This is the face that I saw.
I remember very clearly.
Yeah, so do I.
Kyle Buckley died
in a car accident
three years ago.
I understand
that this is hard on you,
so I'm gonna ask you again.
Did you see the guy
who did this or not?
All right, here we go.
Sorry about that.
I drive a little bit
like a maniac.
Thank you.
- This is a nice place you got here.
- Yes.
Yeah. I bet you have some view.
Mm! That sea air!
Uh, do you need me
to walk you up?
Oh, no, no, no, I'm-I'm fine.
I just need to get
a little rest.
Okay, well,
some warm milk, hot bath...
and you'll be fine in no time.
Well, I can tell you're
a good man, Agent DiNozzo.
Jethro doesn't trust
many people.
Well, i-if you don't mind
my asking,
I'm just a little
curious about...
Jethro.
What was he like
when he was young?
You know, I don't think
I ever really understood Jethro.
I always liked him a lot.
I was very happy when
he and Shannon got married.
We made a very nice family.
Then everything changed.
I'm sorry. I didn't mean
to drag all this to the surface.
Oh, trust me. He'll be fine.
Thanks, Tony.
Boss.
We retrieved Captain Norton's
laptop and a few cell phones
from his apartment;
Two of them were burn phones.
Why would a career
navy captain need a burn phone?
Keep talking.
Cells were purchased in Arizona
and used when Norton
was still assigned
to a carrier battle group
operating in SOUTHCOM's AOR.
South American
aircraft carriers.
Before his transfer to Norfolk.
Who was he calling?
Oh, mostly, uh, Nogales.
It's a border town,
half on the U.S. side,
half in Mexico.
According to the DEA,
a major drug smuggling point
for the Reynosa Cartel.
- Laptop?
- Cracked it.
Three different
Zurich bank accounts
dating back almost 20 years,
all of them dormant since Norton
transferred to Virginia.
Looks like our captain
was involved
- in the drug trade, boss.
- Ten million bucks.
Tidy little nest egg,
but, uh, Captain must have
bailed on the drug business.
Why?
Because he's not taking navy
trips to South America anymore.
Cartel connections.
Ten years of encrypted
e-mails from Mexico.
I don't understand how Norton
smuggled drugs out of there
when our ships never drop anchor
in Mexican ports.
Maybe somebody wanted
their money back.
You, uh, smelling for the scent
of almonds, Doctor?
Perhaps these, uh, bullet tips
were laced with cyanide.
It's your cologne, Mr. Palmer.
It is absolutely wretched.
Well, I... I'm just test-driving
one for my big date.
I'm also trying out
disposable contact lenses.
Well, change is good,
Mr. Palmer.
As long as you are
the motivation
for the change.
Smells like a French whorehouse
in here.
Uh, that-that's me.
What are you trying to do,
Palmer, raise the dead?
Would you take these up
to Ms. Sciuto right away?
And, uh, then use
the Hazmat shower.
Yeah, use it twice.
I do hope he doesn't end up
with a broken one of these.
Yes, what I believe
is the kill shot entered
the lower left ventricle.
It traveled
in an upward direction,
caused a severe aortic rupture.
But that's not why
I called you down here.
His entire gastronomic tract
is inflamed.
Yes, this is the handiwork
of leishmaniasis.
In this case,
visceral leishmaniasis.
It's a parasite you get
from infected sand flies,
found mostly
in Third World countries.
Like Mexico?
Possibly.
Cool, huh?
It's like a carnival.
If you hit the target,
you could win a stuffed animal.
I don't like
stuffed animals much.
What do you got, Abbs?
Spatter patterns
from Joann's coat.
Doesn't match.
I don't think she was standing
where she said she was standing
when the captain was killed.
As a matter of fact,
I know she wasn't.
I mean, maybe... maybe
she got it wrong.
Or she had some sort of post-
traumatic stress disorientation.
Maybe, but what blood came
from spatter
and what was transferred?
If she was standing
behind the captain
when he was struggling with the
killer, then the blood spatter
would be here
on her left front shoulder
from this exit wound.
There's nothing there.
Jackpot!
It's Major Mass Spec calling.
I love this machine.
If Major Mass Spec were a guy,
I would totally marry him
and bear his little
mini-mass children.
Abby, what am I looking at?
The results from Joann
Fielding's fingernail scrapings.
I've never found this much
under a living victim's
fingernails before.
It's 100% worsted wool fiber
with a Scotchgard coating.
It was manufactured
in Denton, New Hampshire.
Navy peacoat?
Government issue.
But this one has minute traces
of after-burned kerosene,
sea foam, and aspirated
JP-5 aircraft fuel
embedded in the surface.
Sailor on the deck
of an aircraft carrier?
On the flight deck
during takeoff.
Okay, flight crew.
That narrows down
your suspect list
from a few million
to like 7,000.
Well, that doesn't
help much, Abbs.
I'm not going to leave you
with a "doesn't help much."
These fibers are specifically
from epaulets.
Peacoats don't have epaulets.
Officer bridge coats do.
Beautiful morning.
Member of my own family
has been lying to me.
Your story doesn't add up.
Well, maybe your math is wrong.
Listen, the man I loved
just died in my arms.
What the hell do
you want from me?
Respect.
A little honesty maybe.
I've always given you respect.
When, uh, Shannon was alive...
maybe.
In my family,
you have to earn it.
When those girls died,
you did nothing.
Did you know
that Joe Norton dealt drugs?
That's ridiculous.
I can prove it.
I loved him. I knew him.
How well did you know him?
You know he had millions
in the bank?
Drug money from his dealings
with the Reynosa cartel...
the same men
who killed your daughter.
Shut up.
Shannon. Kelly.
Mexico. Norton.
They all have one thing
in common, Joann: You.
You.
You are the one
who took my family away from me.
I'm a marine.
I had orders.
I didn't have a choice.
I had to go.
Because of you, they're dead.
I didn't kill them.
But it was still
your responsibility.
Why weren't you there
to take care of our girls?
This is about the murder
of Joseph Norton, Joann.
Well, go do
your damn job, Jethro.
Nothing ever stopped you before.
Nothing's going to stop you now.
You want to learn about being
a real man, McGee,
you got to study
the Japanese samurai.
These guys are like Gibbs
with even bigger stones
and less to say.
Is that even possible?
Hoo-ah! DiNozzo.
- It's me, DiNozzo.
- Yeah, boss?
What are you doing?
I was, I was just tracking down.
Norton's deployment history.
Yeah, we're... we're on it.
Boss on his way back?
Stop what you're doing.
Why?
He wants us to check
some phone records.
On Norton's burn phones?
No, Joann Fielding.
Financial accounts, too.
Any calls to Mexico?
Uh, I went back five years.
Nothing out of the ordinary,
except there were plenty
of calls to Nogales, Arizona,
the U.S. side.
Who?
Only one number.
Let me throw it up
on the plasma here.
Joann called Martin Hendricks,
a retired P.D.
listed as
"Locator of Missing Persons."
Joann's looking for somebody.
Based on old checking
account statements,
she was paying this guy
on and off for almost two years,
both in the U.S.
and across the border.
Hendricks is not cheap,
but he does claim
a 98% success rate.
How much she spend?
Almost $28,000.
DiNozzo, get Ziva, head on down
to Arizona and talk to him.
Arizona?
Do I have to?
You know, my grandfather retired
to Arizona.
It's a dry heat.
Oh, my God!
Aren't you hot?
I've been told that before.
I'm talking about temperature.
Okay, stop complaining.
This is what winter
feels like in Israel.
Well, we're not in Israel.
We're in the good old
U.S. of A.,
my little immigrant friend,
where we like to embrace
central air, not melanoma.
I'm gonna knock.
Mr. Hendricks, NCIS.
Federal agents.
We need to talk with you.
Something has been broken off
inside the lock.
- Well, maybe it's the key.
- No, a nail.
Someone did not want
anyone entering.
Something's not right.
I'm going in.
We're going in.
This guy Hendricks
knows how to live.
Or not.
It's like
a homemade toaster oven.
Guess we found Hendricks.
Well done.
Thanks.
Not you. Him.
You hired a retired cop
in Arizona to work for you.
This is your file.
How is Mr. Hendricks?
Oh, my God.
What happened?
It's just us.
There's no video.
Talk to me.
He's dead.
You connect the dots.
I don't know
what you're talking about.
You spent $28,000
looking for someone
who spent a lot
of time in Mexico.
Who was that? Norton?
Yes.
I met him in Baja
when I was on vacation.
Then we came back,
I lost his number,
so I, uh, I hired
Mr. Hendricks to find him.
You took out a bank loan
to go on a second date?
Don't patronize me, Jethro.
You see the trail
you're leaving?
People are dead.
Dangerous drug dealers
are connected.
And you have no idea
who you're dealing with.
I am the victim here.
This situation
has got your name
written all over it.
I don't know exactly
what you did
or why you did it,
but because of Shannon...
I'll give you a chance.
Do you want my help
or don't you?
Good luck.
It's open.
You called, Mr. Gibbs?
You want a beer?
Yeah, if you have
a slice of cold pizza
to go with it.
I think I can handle that.
Crazy day at the office.
Amazing how people keep suing
each other
even in the... worst economy
in years.
Yeah? Better than them
killing each other.
Oh, they do that, too,
when they lose.
- Thanks.
- Mm-hmm.
So what's this about?
You made it sound important.
It is.
You still do pro bono work?
If the price is right.
Yeah.
I have someone who...
might need your help.
Who is it?
My former mother-in-law.
You're kidding.
No.
And if anybody asks,
we never talked.
You okay with that?
Representing
your ex-mother-in-law?
"Okay" might be
the wrong description.
"Conflicted," maybe.
All right.
Turn out the lights
when you leave.
This may be the worst date
I've ever had.
Love is but a sweet
embrace, a whispered phrase,
a graceful face.
Is that Tennyson?
No, no, Mallard.
There was a poetry competition
in school when I was 15.
I took second place.
Very romantic.
I'm trying to put you
in the mood, Mr. Palmer.
It's a pity your embalmer friend
isn't here to see this.
It's very unusual.
Can I bring her after our date?
No.
What'd he die of?
A dry wit.
I am sorry.
He was baked to death.
The bindings that were around
his wrists and ankles
were there simply
to hold him in place.
Extreme thirst can be
a significantly painful death.
Mexican cartels.
Yes, they're
a little more public
with their executions,
and certainly more bloody.
What are you thinking?
I'm thinking that they made
an exception in this case.
What do you got, McGee?
Boss, Norfolk Sanitation
just found Norton's phone
from the other night
in a marina Dumpster.
Somebody tossed it.
You find anything?
Uh, possibly.
There were two calls
earlier that day
to the same local number,
a Lieutenant David Shankton.
According to the VFTP database,
Shankton owns the same make
and model handgun
that was used
to kill Captain Norton.
I can't believe he's dead.
I just saw him at the admiral's
retirement dinner.
How well you know
Captain Norton?
I've served under him
at the Supply Center
for the past four years.
Before that?
We met in the Yucatán
down in Mexico
over a decade ago.
You and the captain
margarita amigos?
No, sir,
nothing like that.
Before I joined the service,
I worked fishing charters.
That's how we met.
Captain Norton inspired me
to join the navy.
Hmm, it's a touching story.
You know, we, uh, compared.
Norton's credit card statements
to yours,
and you know what we found?
You guys were both
in the same town
at the same time in Mexico
18 different times.
It's a popular place.
Yeah, Gulf and Reynosa cartels
smuggle a lot of drugs
out of the Yucatán.
You know that?
So what's your point?
Do you own a nine-millimeter,
Lieutenant?
I did.
Somebody stole it from my house
about a month ago.
I'm sorry.
What the heck is going on here?
We think you two
had a little partnership.
That's what we think
is going on.
Cartel gives you the drugs.
You have a little rendezvous
with Norton,
and then he brings 'em back
to Norfolk, except...
he wasn't really sharing
the wealth, was he?
I didn't kill anybody.
You talked to him yesterday.
You knew he'd be at the party,
knew that he was gonna
propose to Joann.
Do you mind if I just
take a look at this?
If the fibers match,
it puts you at the murder scene.
Somebody's trying to frame me,
all right?
Well, if they are, they're
doing a pretty good job of it.
Get the sample to Abby.
Then get over to Joann's.
Keep an eye on her.
Boss, this is our guy.
Okay, samples to Abby... on it.
Well, if it isn't
M. Allison Hart.
Agent DiNozzo.
You two know each other?
Ms. Fielding is my client.
Oh. Well, you get around.
She doesn't feel safe here.
You all right, Joann?
Yes, Tony. I'll be just fine.
She's been through
a very difficult loss
and your investigation
isn't making things
any easier for her.
Well, I'm sorry. Now listen,
do you think I could have a word
with your client for a second?
No.
Anything you have to say to her,
you can now say to me.
Good night, Agent DiNozzo.
This an intervention?
Told me there were cocktails.
You're holding Lieutenant
Shankton for Norton's murder.
Yeah.
So you think he did it?
Maybe.
Then why are you holding him?
Evidence says he did it.
He had a similar weapon,
had motive.
Plus, he's the only connection
we have to the Reynosa cartel,
and I want him.
Joann Fielding knew Lieutenant
Shankton through her fiancé.
Yeah, and?
Well, you must know she spent
time at Shankton's house.
We think she set him up.
Both men link
to the same drug cartel
responsible for Shannon
and Kelly's deaths.
Really, Leon?
That makes her awfully clever.
My mother-in-law the vigilante.
Go ahead, Gibbs, cross it.
Try me.
I'm just doing my job.
- So am I.
- You want me to step out?
No.
Remember, I said
if your judgment should come
into question even once...
I'll take myself off this case.
Will you be able to do it?
Arrest her?
With the new information
from Abby's report,
I decided to take another look.
Three slugs.
One lodged itself
in Norton's spine,
the other two passed
right through... bilaterally.
However...
Joann... could not have been
behind Norton
when he tried
to disarm his attacker.
There's no way she was
on the side of the exit wound.
The actual blood spatter on her
was low down around the waist.
She had to have been
in front of him and facing him.
I'm sorry, but...
she fired the shots herself,
Jethro.
I'm sure of it.
I need to talk to her... alone.
No.
No?
She's my client now.
You're lead
on the investigation.
That can work
against her best interests.
She's your client
because I asked you.
Was your mistake.
By the way, you're out of beer.
Could you please get
some light beer?
This crap you drink...
ooh, it's doing a number on me.
She's family.
I need to talk to her.
I'll advise my client
against it,
but it's up to her.
What are you up to, Mr. Gibbs?
You have been defending
guilty people for too long.
As long as we battle each other
and somebody wins,
I have done my job.
And that's okay with you?
You really want to talk to her?
Yeah.
I want some answers.
I want the truth.
Law school 101.
Truth's overrated.
Is this your personal
torture chamber?
The only person ever tortured
down here is me.
Thank you.
I know everything, Joann.
You knew that you couldn't get
Shannon and Kelly's
real killers,
and so you went after Norton.
Guilty by association.
We're not doing this.
Sit.
That ex-cop you hired
to go to Arizona
to look for Norton,
the Reynosa cartel... they knew
he was snooping around
and they killed him.
So you found Norton...
you did,
and you charmed him and...
you killed one man
and you framed another,
and you... planned it all
like a pro.
Really, are you that smart?
I'm just a mother who lost
everything she loved.
Shannon and Kelly...
Norton didn't kill 'em.
But I know who did.
How'd it feel, hmm?
Satisfying?
Oh, Jethro.
The night that he proposed,
he was holding me in his arms.
I whispered our girls' names
in his ear.
Then I pulled the trigger
one, two, three times...
and I watched him die.
Nobody ever need know.
You and I both did
what we did... for them.
You are under arrest
for the murder
of Captain Joseph Norton,
for tampering with evidence,
for interfering
with a criminal investigation.
Mr. Gibbs,
you just arrested my client
illegally and unlawfully.
You interrogated her
without proper citation
of her Miranda rights,
and you coerced a confession.
If you don't release
her right away,
I will pursue legal action.
The case'll never stick, right?
You just made
a very big mistake.
Yeah.
You won.
Did I?
Take care of yourself, Joann.
You, too, Jethro.
Quiet. Here he comes.
Abby, uh...
matched the fibers
from Shankton's coat.
He had the means,
the opportunity,
about $10 million worth
of motive.
Lieutenant's a drug dealer.
He deserves to do time.
Boss, what about
your mother-in-law?
Joann Fielding
is no longer a suspect
or a person of interest
in this investigation.
Great. Can we go home now?
Yeah.
Yeah, good night.
If I hurry,
maybe I can catch Rashomon.
Hey, guys, guys.
Breena, these are my coworkers.
Everyone, this is Breena.
Life isn't fair.
Hey, guys, pleasure to meet you.
Ziva, McGee, and...
Tony, right?
I described you.
Apparently,
the details were accurate.
She has a photographic memory.
Jimmy loves me for my mind.
Isn't he the cutest thing ever?
Yeah.